Bugfix: Prevent Error 500 and Update README.md mentioning new dependencies and pitfalls after merge of "feature boxplot-taskstatistic" (#352)
KITPraktomatTeam/Praktomat: README.md

  If you don't change that value, apache2 package becomes deleted while upgrading Ubuntu.

Pitfalls after Praktomat-Update (Summer 2022)
=================

A note about `prlimit`
----------
  To make Praktomat compatible with newer Python versions, we introduce a dependency to binary executable program `prlimit`.

    util-linux (containing prlimit)

  If you have installed `util-linux` but the command `prlimit` remain unknown, your linux system may be too old.
  On some circumstances you can build `prlimit` from scources ( more about this cf. https://github.com/KITPraktomatTeam/Praktomat/pull/342#issuecomment-1219445202 )

 A note about SQLite3 and Praktomat's unit tests
----------

Unit tests which are testing Praktomat code are using `SQLite3` as database backend, depending on settings in `Praktomat/src/settings/test.py`.

Since merge of feature boxplot-taskstatistic (cf https://github.com/KITPraktomatTeam/Praktomat/pull/345 ) at 2022-07-27
your Python environment is using an to old `SQLite3` version, if tests fails with message:

    django.db.utils.OperationalError: near "(": syntax error while migrating migrationfile taskstatistics.0001_initial_TaskStatisticsDBview

> In example `SQLite3` version 3.16.2 dated to 2017-01-06 is much to old to handle the hand written migration file `Praktomat/src/taskstatistics/migrations/0001_initial_TaskStatisticsDBview.py` correctly.
> 
> Since that migration file use *SQL window functions*, which where standarized in `SQL:2003` and covered by `SQLite3` with version 3.25.0 dated to 2018-09-15. But, because of some bugs inside `SQLite3`, you cannot use that first version supporting *SQL window functions*, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In example, `SQLite3` version 3.16.2 dated to 2017-01-06 is much too old to handle the handwritten migration file `Praktomat/src/taskstatistics/migrations/0001_initial_TaskStatisticsDBview.py` correctly.

That migration file uses *SQL window functions*, which were standardized in `SQL:2003` and covered by `SQLite3` with version 3.25.0 dated to 2018-09-15. But, because of some bugs inside `SQLite3`, you cannot use that first version supporting *SQL window functions*, too.
```

When we're about to fix orthography errors... ;)

Please use `SQLite3` Version 3.38.5 from 2022-05-06, which works for our needs.

Check your Python - SQLite dependency on command line via:

```bash
$ python -c "import sqlite3; print(\"... uses pysqlite \" + sqlite3.version +\" with SQLite \" + sqlite3.sqlite_version);"

... uses pysqlite 2.6.0 with SQLite 3.38.5
```

A note about Python and dependencies to Tcl/Tk
----------

 Since merge of feature boxplot-taskstatistic (cf https://github.com/KITPraktomatTeam/Praktomat/pull/345 )
 users can have a look onto whisker-boxplot diagrams.
 These diagrams where generated via `matplotlib`, which can be installed via `pip` and is listed in our `requirements` file.
 `matplotlib` loads transitive `_tkinter` module, which you cannot install via `pip`, and which have dependencies to system libraries for Tcl/Tk. (There exists a package installable via `pip` named `tk` but that package has nothing to do with what you need...)

 You can check, if your Python version and your system fullfill that dependencies in a shell:

     python -c "import lzma" && python -c "import _tkinter" && python -c "import -c"matplotlib.pyplot as plt"

 That commands should not produce any error messages.

>  If `lzma` couldn't be imported, than you need to install the system library and dev package:
> 
>     apt-get install liblzma-dev lzma -y -q
> 
>  If `_tkinter` failed to load, than perhaps on your system the `_tkinter` module can be installed for your Python on a seperate way.
>  In example on Debian you install the tkinter-support via system package manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If `lzma` couldn't be imported, then you need to install the system library and dev package:

    apt-get install liblzma-dev lzma -y -q

 If `_tkinter` failed to load, then perhaps on your system the `_tkinter` module can be installed for your Python on a separate way.
 In example, on Debian you install the tkinter-support via system package manager:
```

    apt install python-tk -y -q (that is for Python 2)
    apt install python3-tk -y -q (that is for Python 3)

 And of course you need tcl/tk on the system:

    apt install tk tk-dev

> **Hind:** Praktomat's DejaGnuChecker uses `dejagnu`, which is written in `expect`. And `expect` is using `Tcl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Hint:** Praktomat's DejaGnuChecker uses `dejagnu`, which is written in `expect`. And `expect` is using `Tcl`.
```
